Skip to main content
General Compute Selects Cerebras to Bring Ultra-Fast Inference to Agentic Coding >>
Cerebras Inference Pricing
Cerebras Inference tier pricing
Features, models, capacity, and performance are subject to availability and applicable terms. Performance varies by model and configuration.
* For development, evaluation, and experimentation; not intended for production use.
** Available by agreement.
*** Add a valid payment method to receive a one-time $5 promotional credit. The credit expires 30 days after activation. You will not be charged or automatically enrolled in paid usage. API and Playground access will pause when the credit expires or is exhausted unless you separately purchase PayGo credits. Promotional credits are non-transferable, have no cash value, and may be withheld or revoked in cases of fraud, abuse, or duplicate accounts.
Developer Tier Pricing
Partners
Get access to Cerebras Inference through our partner APIs
AWS Marketplace
Get started in minutes, test workloads with low latency, scale to real time applications, and move to production easily with simple controls and flexible pricing.
Buy with AWS
OpenRouter
Connect to Cerebras inference through OpenRouter and run models seamlessly via an intuitive, unified API.
learn more
HuggingFace
Access Cerebras-powered models directly from the Hugging Face Hub for high-performance inference and easy integration.
learn more
Vercel
Deploy and scale Cerebras inference endpoints effortlessly on Vercel with low latency and simple developer workflows.
learn more
Follow
Get Updates
Newsletter Signup
Company
About Us
Careers
Contact Us
Investor Relations
Website Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Other Terms & Policies
Service Status
Trust Center
News
Newsroom
In the News
Press kit
Insights
Customer Spotlight
Blog
Publications
Whitepapers
Performance comparisons are based on third-party benchmarking or internal testing. Observed inference speed improvements versus GPU-based systems may vary depending on workload, configuration, date and models being tested.
info@cerebras.ai
1237 E. Arques Ave
Sunnyvale, CA 94085
©
2026
Cerebras.
All rights reserved.
