Skip to Main Content
Pricing and plans
Yearly
Monthly
USD
CAD
EUR
USD
Tooltip:
Data stored in your currency's region
Teams Starter Pack
Secure your small team.
$24.95
USD
Includes 10 members per month. Paid annually.
Try FREE for 14 days
Add up to 10 additional seats at per member pricing
Share passwords and sensitive data
Stay informed with actionable security alerts
Assign access with role-based permissions
Build securely with 1Password Developer tools
Get help with friendly support and onboarding resources
Business
Security that adapts to your business.
$8.99
USD
Per user, per month. Paid annually.
Try FREE for 14 days
Talk to sales
Everything from Teams Starter Pack, plus:
Integrate with Okta, Entra ID, OneLogin, Duo, and more
Collaborate securely with role-based vault sharing and permissions.
Strengthen security hygiene with Watchtower alerts
Additional ways to buy
Purchase 1Password Business via Buy with AWS
Buy with AWS
The benefits of Buy with AWS:
Simplified procurement
Consolidated billing
Scalable and flexible deployment
FOR MANAGED SERVICE PROVIDERS ONLY
Buy Enterprise Password Manager - MSP Edition
Proactively protect your client data and improve their security posture.
MSPs try FREE for 14 days
The most used Enterprise Password Manager, tailor-made for MSPs:
Manage clients seamlessly with a dedicated MSP console
Secure and audit technician access with enhanced security controls
Consumption-based billing, with no license minimums
Tailored resources to help MSPs be great at client selling, onboarding, training, and more
Access dedicated 1Password experts for support needs
Available through distributors like Pax8 and Renaissance, contact your distribution partner for more details
1Password Business Features for MSP clients
Find the business plan for you
What’s included
Team Starter Pack
Business
Access
Access 1Password on macOS, iOS, watchOS, Windows, Android, and Linux
Install browser extensions for Chrome, Safari, Edge, Firefox, and Brave
Add new trusted devices by scanning a QR code
Create, save, and autofill login credentials, addresses, and payment details
Tag any item with a location for easy organization
Secure workflows with developer tools like SSH key signing, Git commit signing, CLI, and SDKs
Tooltip:
Explore developer resources at developer.1password.com
Sign in with third-party providers like Apple, Google, Facebook, and more
Share items securely with anyone—even those without 1Password
Control access with temporary sharing, expiration dates, and share history
Invite guests to specific vaults with limited-access guest accounts
5
20
Give every user a free Families plan for personal use
Try upcoming features early with beta access and business previews
Security
Protect all vaults, URLs, and data with end-to-end AES 256-bit encryption
Strengthen account security with Two-Key Derivation using your password and Secret Key
Encrypt data in transit with secure remote password (SRP) protocol
Authenticate users with two-factor authentication, biometrics, or passkeys
Meet industry standards with SOC 2 Type II certification
Validate security posture through independent, third-party audits
Management
Identify potential breaches, weak, expiring, or reused passwords, 2FA, and passkey availability
Recover your and others' accounts if locked out
Get actionable security alerts on potential breaches, password health & team usage
Create custom policies & monitor access
Monitor password health issues and team vault usage
Create vault permissions to control access and policies to prevent threats
Manage custom groups to organize your team and delegate responsibilities
Generate custom business reports that dive into usage, account activity, and more
Integrations
Unlock with Single Sign-On (SSO)
Provision users and groups with Azure AD, Google Workspace, Okta, OneLogin, Rippling, and JumpCloud
Stream events to SIEM tools like Splunk, Elastic, Sumo Logic, and Panther (or build your own integration)
Integrate with developer tools (IDE extensions, CI/CD integrations, and IaC integrations)
Support
Reach friendly, 24/7 support via email, forum, and social media
Explore our self-serve support library to troubleshoot issues anytime
Call our expert support team Monday to Friday, 9 AM–5 PM EST
Onboard confidently with personalized training for organizations with 101+ users
Partner with a dedicated Customer Success Manager (for organizations with 101+ users)
Review your strategy with quarterly and annual business reviews for enterprise customers
Access extended trial periods and proof of concepts for enterprise implementations
Included in every 1Password account
Industry-leading security
Your data is end-to-end encrypted to keep it safe at rest and in transit. Only you can access your data. We don’t share it, and we don’t sell it.
1Password Watchtower
Receive alerts for compromised websites and vulnerable passwords so you can take action to stay secure.
Storage for more than logins
Securely manage all your important information from addresses and credit cards to SSH keys and API tokens.
Password sharing
Securely share saved passwords and other personal data – and reduce the risk of having one compromised.
Full compatibility
Works on macOS, iOS, Windows, Android, and Linux, as well as Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Brave, and Safari browsers.
Unrivaled support
Whenever you need it, our global team is here to help. Get free resources and support from the 1Password team.
Trusted by 200,000 businesses and millions of families
Frequently Asked Questions
How does 1Password compare to competitors?
Our plan comparison page makes it easy to
compare 1Password with other password managers
, including pricing, features, and plan options.
What's the difference between 1Password Teams Starter Pack and 1Password Business?
Teams Starter Pack helps secure a small team for a flat monthly price and includes 10 members. You can add up to 10 additional seats at per-member pricing as your team grows.
1Password Business is priced per user and adds identity-provider integrations, expanded role-based vault sharing and permissions, Watchtower alerts, and broader business administration and reporting capabilities.
Does 1Password Business support developer workflows?
Yes. 1Password Business includes developer tools for secure workflows, including SSH key signing, Git commit signing, CLI, SDKs, and integrations with IDEs, CI/CD, and infrastructure-as-code tools.
Does 1Password Business have a free trial?
Yes. You can
try 1Password Business free for 14 days
before choosing a plan.
How much does 1Password cost per year?
In USD, 1Password Business costs $8.99 per user per month when billed annually, or $107.88 per user per year.
Teams Starter Pack costs $24.95 per month when billed annually, or $299.40 per year, and includes 10 members. You can add up to 10 additional seats at per-member pricing.
How much is the Team Starter Pack?
With annual billing, Teams Starter Pack costs:
USD: $24.95 per month, or $299.40 per year
CAD: $29.95 per month, or $359.40 per year
EUR: €21.95 per month, or €263.40 per year
The plan includes up to 10 members. You can add up to 10 additional seats, for 20 members total. Additional seats cost:
USD: $4.99 per seat per month
CAD: $6.25 per seat per month
EUR: €4.49 per seat per month
All additional-seat prices apply to annual billing.
Does 1Password offer discounts or volume pricing for businesses?
Yes. 1Password offers discounts for eligible organizations, including nonprofits and journalists, as well as customized, volume-based pricing options.
Contact our sales team
to learn what options may be available for your organization.
What discounts does 1Password offer?
We offer discounts for many different situations and organizations, including nonprofits and journalists. 1Password also has customized, volume-based pricing options. Please contact us to learn more.
What payment methods can I use to pay for 1Password?
You can pay for a 1Password subscription by ACH direct debit for eligible US bank accounts or by credit card. You can also use a 1Password gift card if your account is activated on 1Password.com.
Can I purchase 1Password Business through AWS Marketplace?
Yes. Purchasing 1Password Business through
AWS Marketplace
can simplify procurement, consolidate billing, and provide a flexible way to manage your organization’s subscription.
