📹 The future of AI infrastructure: optimize and shard your database with agents.
Watch the talk
Log in
|
Get started
|
Get in touch
Navigation
Pricing
You and your agent can query our pricing data using SQL. Instructions and an agent-friendly version of this page are in
pricing.md
.
Connect to pricing database
Role:
SELECT
only on
public.planetscale_prices
. SSL is required.
Copy the URI and connect with any Postgres client:
postgresql://<secret-redacted>:<secret-redacted>@aws-us-east-1-3.pg.psdb.cloud:6432/postgres?sslmode=verify-full&sslrootcert=system
Example queries and the full catalog are in
pricing.md
.
Region
For best performance, select the same region as your application.
Request another region
AWS us-east-1
Database engine
Postgres
NEW
The fastest cloud Postgres.
Vitess
MySQL at hyperscale.
Cluster configuration
Primary + multi-replica
(HA)
A primary and two included replica nodes ideal for high-availability workloads.
99.99% SLA
.
Single node
(non-HA)
A single primary node suitable for non-high availability use cases.
Cluster type
High-availability clusters deployed across
3 availability zones
.
Amazon Elastic Block Storage
Network-attached storage volumes with
autoscaling storage
. The perfect choice for smaller databases with lower I/O requirements.
⚡️
PlanetScale Metal
⚡️
Ultra-fast
NVMe drives
and
unlimited IOPS
make high-availability Metal clusters the fastest nodes available in the cloud.
Architecture:
aarch64 (
10
)
x86-64 (
10
)
PS-5
1/16 vCPU
·
512 MB
memory
·
10 GB storage
$15
Includes 3 nodes
CPU
Memory
1× primary database
1/16 vCPU
512 MB
2× replica databases
1/16 vCPU
512 MB
1/16 vCPU
512 MB
Total resources
3/16 vCPU
1.5 GB
Storage
Choose the disk size you would like to provision. Autoscaling, IOPS, and bandwidth settings can be configured in-app.
View storage documentation
GB
Egress bandwidth
100
GB of egress bandwidth is included. Additional usage:
$0.06
/ GB
.
GB
+ Show advanced options
Estimated monthly total:
$15
Get started
PlanetScale Postgres
Single node
Development and low-traffic production workloads. Starting at $5/month.
High Availability
1 primary + 2 replicas across 3 availability zones.
Metal
High-performance local NVMe storage. Starting at $50/month.
Vitess
MySQL-compatible with horizontal sharding for massive scale. Runs on network-attached storage or PlanetScale Metal.
Plans
Base ↓
Enterprise ↓
Learn more in the
plans documentation
.
Also available on the
AWS Marketplace
and
Google Cloud Marketplace
.
Have questions about Enterprise options, plan features, or pricing?
Get in touch
Database expertise
Augment your team with our database experts, including the majority of the core Vitess maintainers
Migration assistance
Hands-on, proactive assistance in migrating your workload with no downtime
Slack-based support
Private shared Slack channel for fast communication
More deployment options
Multi-tenant, single-tenant, or in your own AWS / GCP account
Business support included
Enhanced response times from support engineers
Architecture consultation
Work with our Solutions team to optimize your database design
Custom pricing
AWS/GCP Marketplace purchase options
Additional regions
Deploy in any AWS or GCP region with at least 3 availability zones
Base Plan
The Base plan is what you get when you
sign up at PlanetScale
. No contract or sales interaction required. Pricing is resource-based, so you can upsize and downsize your instances as needed.
PlanetScale Postgres
Single node
— Starting at $5/month for development and low-traffic workloads
Metal
— Starting at $50/month with local NVMe storage for high-performance needs
High Availability
— 1 primary + 2 replicas across 3 availability zones
Vitess
MySQL-compatible databases with horizontal sharding. Pricing based on cluster size, VTGate configuration, and storage. Metal also available.
Pricing factors
Pay as you go
— Pay month to month based on the price in the calculator above.
The main factors that determine your price are:
Instance and VTGate sizes
Storage amount
— Included for Metal databases. For network-attached storage databases, the first 10 GB is free, with per-GB pricing beyond that. See the pricing calculator for details.
Add-ons
— Additional development branch hours, SSO, upgraded support
For the full list of features and more information, see our
plans documentation
.
Enterprise
Our Enterprise plan comes with all of the same platform features you get with the Base plan, but also includes upgraded levels of support and additional deployment options:
Bring your own cloud
— For enterprise companies or those with strict compliance policies that require your data to remain in your own cloud, we also offer
PlanetScale Managed
. This allows us to deploy PlanetScale into an AWS or GCP account that you own and we manage.
Upgraded support
— All Enterprise plans come with
Business support
and the option to upgrade to Enterprise support. The Enterprise support option is only available on Enterprise plans and gives you access to our team’s database architecture expertise through a shared Slack channel and bi-weekly meetings. Additionally, 15 minute response time for P1 tickets.
PlanetScale Managed pricing model
If you choose to deploy PlanetScale in your own AWS or GCP account, the required infrastructure is spun up in your account, and you are billed by your cloud provider for those infrastructure costs.
This allows you to take advantage of the PlanetScale platform (branching, deploy requests, query monitoring, etc) in your own private environment.
On top of the infrastructure fees that you pay directly to your cloud provider, you will pay a percentage of that cost to PlanetScale for the use of PlanetScale, infrastructure management, migration assistance, and ongoing support.
For companies with existing AWS or GCP agreements, this option sometimes ends up less expensive than running on PlanetScale’s infrastructure, as you can take advantage of your AWS or GCP discounts for these infrastructure costs.
When do I need Enterprise?
If you need any of the following, Enterprise may be the best solution for you:
Enterprise support — Shared Slack channel with our team and bi-weekly meetings where you can discuss database performance, optimizations, and more.
You need hands-on evaluation and migration assistance
You need your database deployed in a single-tenant environment
You need a PCI DSS certified service provider
You need to keep your data in
your own
AWS or GCP account
Any other customizations — Our Enterprise plan offers a lot of flexibility, so if you have a requirement that’s not listed here, it’s best to
reach out
and we can see how we can help.
