Skip to content
Free Up Your Budget
Predictable and affordable cloud storage pricing that's up to 80% less than the hyperscalers
Pay as You Go
Pay monthly
No fees for egress or API requests
Basic support plan
Starting at
$7.99
TB/month
Start a Free Trial
Reserved Capacity Storage
Purchase in 1, 3, or 5-year increments
No fees for egress or API requests
Premium support plan
Greater discounts for term & capacity
Learn More
Premium support plan
For more information please visit
Pay-as-you-go FAQs
or
Reserved-Capacity-Storage FAQs
No charge for egress or API requests
You shouldn't need a business analyst to figure out your monthly storage bill. With Wasabi, you pay just one low rate for capacity only. No hidden fees means you can plan your budget to the penny and never go over it, no matter how much you access your data.
Store more. Do more. Save more with Wasabi.
Do the math
Wasabi Pay as You Go pricing vs. the hyperscalers
See the incredible savings for yourself. Use our cost calculator to compare our flat-rate (starting at $7.99 per TB/month) Wasabi Hot Cloud Storage against the hyperscalers.
Our calculator provides an estimate of your overall costs based on current hyperscaler fees for capacity and egress. Your actual fees depend on a number of variables, including actual usage, API requests, and geographic location.
Need More Details?
Calculate your total cost of ownership
Review our Pricing FAQs
Terms of Use
Pay as You Go Pricing
$0.00
per month
$0.00
per year
storage amount
TB
percent download per month
%
*billing estimates use base-2 system, estimates may not be exact due to rounding
Organizations all over the world trust Wasabi with their data.
See what customers are saying!
Check out real reviews from verified users on Gartner Peer Insights and learn how they are using Wasabi to save, simplify and store more.
Reserved Capacity Storage
Greater savings
Get even greater savings and cost predictability when you purchase a set amount of capacity in advance. It's ideal for enterprises wishing to scale capacity while delaying costly on-prem infrastructure upgrades.
Learn More
Purchase in 1-, 3-, or 5-year increments
No fees for egress or API requests
Premium support plan
Up to 80% less than Amazon S3
Simple | Predictable | Affordable
Try Wasabi Free
Contact Sales
