Try for free
Product
PRODUCT
WRITER Agent
Playbooks
AI Studio
Connectors
Brand
PLATFORM
Models
Knowledge Graph
Trust & security
UPDATED PLAYBOOK HUB
The AI playbooks 10x marketers run
Explore the hub
Solutions
INDUSTRIES
Financial services
Healthcare & life sciences
Retail & consumer goods
Technology
DEPARTMENTS
Marketing
Sales
Support
NEW! 2026 EDITION
The business leader's guide to agentic AI in 2026
Download now
Research
Plans
Customers
Resources
NEW 2026 AI SURVEY
AI adoption in the enterprise
Get the report
RESOURCES
Writer’s Room blog
Engineering blog
Guides
Podcast: Humans of AI
RESOURCES
Events & webinars
AI ROI calculator
AI playbook hub
WRITER Academy
Log in
Try for free
Sign in
Plans & Pricing
Empower your entire organization to transform work with agentic AI
Starter
For fast-moving teams kickstarting AI exploration
Try for free
14-day free trial.
No credit card required.
What’s included in Starter:
Up to 5 users
WRITER Agent — one interface for chat and automation
Create and run up to 5 Playbooks
1 team Personality profile
Basic connectors
Limited Knowledge Graph
ENTERPRISE
Built for large organizations scaling agentic workflows with control, and compliance
Contact sales
Everything in Starter, plus:
As many users, teams, and free collaborators as needed
Unrestricted number of playbooks, routines, and cross-team workflows
Advanced orchestration, approvals, and admin controls
Full Knowledge Graph capabilities with unrestricted connectors
Departmental brand and voice profiles
Full interoperability with your systems and LLMs
Granular agent governance, observability, and auditability
Priority enterprise support and AI program management
World-class companies trust WRITER
Compare plans and features
Starter
ENTERPRISE
Try for free
Contact sales
Intelligent interface
WRITER Agent
Multi-modal outputs
Canvas editing
AI Studio
Limited Access
Full Access
Agent Builder
Workflow engine
Users included
Up to 5 users
As many as needed
Build access
Required for all users
As many as needed
Run access
Playbooks
5
Unlimited
Scheduled routines
Up to 3
Unlimited
Chained workflows
Sharable playbooks
Team-only
Cross-team
Agent Library
100+ prebuilt agents
Full access with admin curation
Data and Context
WRITER Knowledge Graph
As many as needed
Storage
50 GB in a single graph
Basic connectors
Advanced connectors
Industry-specific connectors
Enterprise data sources
Active connectors
Up to 3
Unlimited
Website allow / block lists
API access
Expanded rate limits
Agent Intelligence
Code execution
Browser automation & takeover
Presentation generator
Browser automation
Deployments & hosting
File generation
Image analysis
Image generation
Data analysis
Web search
Domain-specific models
Model flexibility
WRITER default models
Works with preferred LLMs
Brand voice & personality
Team default
Guardrails
Basic
Advance
Custom skills
Governance
Agent observability
Audit logs
Knowledge and connector access controls
Integration with third party guardrails
Role-based access
Customisable roles and permissions
For 1 team
Multi-factor-authentication
SAML SSO
SCIM provisioning
Team & org-level policies
For 1 team
Admin reporting
Basic
Brand controls
Service hours
Available as add-ons
Security and compliance
Data privacy
256-bit AES and SSL/TLS encryption
DPA for GDPR and CCPA compliance
Fully managed platform deployment and scaling
BAA for HIPAA compliance
SOC 2 Type II
Report available upon request
LLM technical report
Report available upon request
Customer support and onboarding
Email support
Observable bugs
WRITER Academy
Technical onboarding support
Quarterly onsite reviews
Ongoing platform support & scaling
Visibility into product roadmap
AI program management
FAQs
Frequently asked questions
General
Security
Billing
What is WRITER Agent?
WRITER Agent is a single intelligent interface that turns complex, multi-step work into repeatable, automated workflows. Different from a chat-only AI assistant, WRITER Agent can orchestrate and execute work across teams and systems, while operating within org-level rules and compliance requirements.
How is WRITER different from chatbots or copilots??
AI chat is great for individual productivity, and simple tasks, but WRITER helps organizations execute and run workflows. Playbooks, routines, data grounding, and governance make WRITER capable of producing consistent, compliant, on-brand work at scale — not just one-off outputs.
How does WRITER’s pricing work?
Starter offers monthly or annual per-seat plans with fixed credit limits. Enterprise includes regular seats, and unlimited free users, plus optional solution packs and services as you grow.
How does WRITER keep outputs on-brand and compliant?
Personality profiles, style guides, and data grounding ensure every deliverable reflects your brand and rules — automatically. Teams stay consistent without extra review cycles.
Can WRITER work with our systems and data?
Yes. WRITER connects to the tools where work happens so playbooks can use real, up-to-date information. This enables automation that’s reliable, contextual, and measurable.
How secure is WRITER?
WRITER is the only end-to-end platform for scaling agentic AI in the enterprise. We adhere to global privacy laws and industry-recognized security standards with measures to help you meet your compliance obligations, including GDPR, HIPAA, SOC 2 Type II, and PCI. HIPAA and SOC 2 Type II compliance certifications and reports are available upon request for Enterprise plans.
What does WRITER do with my data?
With WRITER, you retain full ownership of your data, and we take a zero data retention approach. By default, we don’t train or improve our models on customer data. Some AI providers use customer data to test or optimize their models and services, often requiring customers to opt out of training on their data or upgrade to a paid plan to avoid training.
What’s the difference between Pro and Lite seats?
Pro seats are the standard paid WRITER seat type. They give users full access to create, customize, and automate workflows with extended usage capacity. Lite seats are only available on Enterprise plans as a way for new or invited users to try the WRITER platform. Lite seat users can view and run existing playbooks and use WRITER Agent in a limited capacity per month. Additional usage beyond the limited capacity will require an upgrade to a pro seat.
How do I cancel my plan or reduce the number of seats?
To cancel a paid plan, open “Org settings” in the left panel, go to “Billing”, and select “Cancel plan” for the account you’re logged into.
What’s the refund policy?
If you cancel your plan before the next renewal cycle, you will retain access to paid features until the end of your current subscription period. When your subscription expires, you will lose access to paid features and all data associated with those features. We reserve the right to approve refunds on a case-by-case basis, but we are not obligated to give a refund in any circumstance.
I am a nonprofit. Do you offer any discounts?
WRITER offers a 20% discount on the Starter and Enterprise plans to non-profits and educational institutions. Email support@WRITER.com using your non-profit or .edu email address to get your discount code.
What payment methods do you support?
WRITER supports all major credit cards and debit cards. Unfortunately, we do not support ACH, offline invoicing, or PayPal at this time.
We need to change the number of people in our team. How will that work?
To update the number of users in your plan, go to the billing section of your admin console, and click “Manage Plan”. Only the billing admin has the ability to add or remove users.
Make WRITER part of your team
Request a demo
Try for free
Contact sales
